welcome to the man of recaps this is
stranger things seasons 1 & 2 we're
going back to the 80s in the small town
of Hawkins Indiana our main characters
are a bunch of kids their lovable nerds
playing Dungeons & Dragons fighting the
demagogue in that night on his way home
will Byers runs into some sort of
monster it follows him home and how he's
disappeared
Winona Ryder is his mom Joyce Byers she
and her older son Jonathan realize wills
missing chief hopper is a small-town cop
he's not used to doing any real police
work
so when Joyce comes in with her missing
kid he's like I'm sure he just ran away
or whatever
Will's friends Mike Dustin and Lucas go
out looking for him but they don't find
will they find a mysterious shaved head
girl she tells him her name is 11 turns
out she just escaped from the Hawkins
lab where they were doing experiments on
her because she has psychic powers
Mike feeds her Eggo waffles which
becomes her favorite food she eats him a
few times throughout the series she
explains that bad men from the lab are
chasing her so they're in danger and
actually she knows where we'll is he's
trapped in the upside-down a sort of
parallel dimension the home of a monster
which they call the demagogue in mike
has an older sister named Nancy and
Will's brother Jonathan kind of likes
her but she started dating the cool kid
Steve she goes to Steve's house to party
and ditches her friend barb to go hook
up so Barb's outside by herself moping
when the lights go out and oh she's
disappeared she's in the upside down
with the demo Gorgon oh and it grabs her
Joyce Myers has been getting strange
phone calls where she can faintly hear
her son will she thinks will is trying
to communicate with her through
flickering lights so she pulls out the
Christmas lights and hangs her whole
house with them turns out she's actually
right she can talk to will only ask him
yes or no questions though so she has
this brilliant idea of painting the
alphabet on her wall each with a
different light but wills not the only
one here the derma Gorgon starts coming
out of the wall chief hoppers
investigation leads him to the Hawkins
lab it's supposed to be some sort of
electrical plant but he realizes quickly
it's a CIA cover-up he does some digging
and finds it's run by a dr. brenner he
was accused once before of kidnapping
kids and doing experiments on them and
indeed 11 grew up in the lab with him
she knows him as Papa
so hopper thinks the Hawkins lap
might've kidnapped will but just then
wills body is found
he fell in the quarry a tragedy but
totally normal no conspiracy here but
something doesn't sit right with hopper
he punches his way into some information
and realizes that wills body is a fake
he busts into the lab to rescue will but
wills not here he just finds a drawing
done by eleven he enjoys tracked down
Elevens mom who originally accused
Brenner of kidnapping her kid but
unfortunately she is not all there
her sister explains that she was in the
MKULTRA program the CIA experiment where
they gave people LSD to see if they
could get psychic powers it didn't work
but she was pregnant at the time
officially she had a miscarriage but she
did have a psychic daughter that was
kidnapped and raised as 11 Jonathan out
looking for his brother coincidentally
got a photo of barb right before she
went missing he and Nancy check it out
and hole with some sort of monster they
grab some monster hunting supplies and
scope out the woods when it's he finds a
gross tunnel that leads to the upside
down the demagogue ins there and it's
scary they barely make it out xi can use
her powers to hear will in the upside
down through the radio they sneak her
into school hoping to use the more
powerful radio to talk to will but it
doesn't really work at school Mike picks
a fight with some bullies and 11 backs
him up freezing him still and making him
pee his pants this comes back to bite
him later when the police grab Mike and
they're like hey I want you to pee your
pants he's like what I don't have to go
right now
so they make him jump into the quarry
instead luckily 11 saves him and floats
him back over them breaks the kids arm
she's like yo that's my man leggo my
eggo but on the way home surveillance
vans spot 11 out in the open so they're
all coming for the kids they're running
away on their bikes at 11 pulls a
reverse et she flips the van over them
Swedes long story short after this the
groups all merge and filled each other
in turns out they were using eleven
psychic powers to spy on the Russians
and that worked pretty well until one
day she found the demagogue in and boom
accidentally opened the portal to the
upside down she thinks she can
psychically find will if they build a
sensory deprivation tank it works she's
able to see will and know that he's
still alive so Hopper and Joyce go to
the hearkens lab it's like hey look we
won't say anything just let us go into
the upside down and rescue her kid but
at home Nancy and John are like wait a
second is it the demagogue and still
there they figured out it's a track
- blood like the Sharks who they cut
themselves to lure it here just then
Steve comes by and he's like wait a
minute what the hell is going on here he
finds out cuz the demagogue Ian's coming
out of the ceiling unfortunately it is
immune to bullets but it's not immune to
Steve's nail bat boom they learn it -
the trap and booms light it on fire
it looks like it was injured but it got
away in the upside-down hopper and Joy's
find will being all cocooned they
managed to do some CPR on him and oh
he's okay barb though is totally dead
poor barb but back at the middle school
Papa and the bad man have found them
Elevens like oh I'm not going back she
uses her powers to blow up all their
brains no unfortunately using her powers
makes her nose bleed and in this case
just fully pass out so they're captured
but wait what's this
all the blood attracts the damaged organ
it tackles papa and eats him he's gone
now bullets do not stop this thing so
the kids grab their magic slingshot of
demagogue and slain Lukas attacks oh he
rolls a two total whiff but he's like
wait I have a second attack Oh NAT -
honey critical head no you dummies it's
not the slingshot it was 11 using her
psychic powers
she's like my friends been nice knowing
ya and rips the demagoguing apart
disappearing in the process but will
survived it's the end of The Lord of the
Rings moment a mr. Frodo so it's mostly
a happy ending except Elevens missing
and Barb is dead and back home will
Byers has flashbacks to the upside down
and he coughs up a baby Tama Gorgon slug
he's like yeah I'm just gonna ignore
that for now and that's how season 1
comes to an end this is stranger things
season 2 now welcome back to Hawkins
Indiana it's the 80s so our boys are
hanging out at an arcade they're dealing
with a huge crisis as Dustin's Dig Dug
score has been beaten by somebody named
Mad Max will Byers dealing with a bigger
problem of having flashbacks of being
back in the upside down his mom takes
him in to the Hawkins lab they've put a
nice friendly doctor in charge he's like
no more evil experiments they are still
a shady government agency though and the
portal to the upside down is still in
the basement but they seem to have it
pretty well contained there's a new girl
at school her name's Maxine Mad Max yeah
that's her she's really good at dig dug
so all the boys has got a huge crush on
her speaking of huge crushes wills mom
Joyce Myers has met Sam
why's Gamgee and they're having a thing
his name's Bob and he's a huge dork but
a really nice guy Jonathan and Nancy
have a huge crush on each other but
they're just friends because she's still
dating cool there Steve they have dinner
with Barb's parents who never got any
answers on their daughter's mysterious
disappearance of course we know she was
eaten by a demagogue and poor barb but
her parents have hired an investigator
he'll get some answers and he's been
bothering chief hopper he has all sorts
of theories like Russians and aliens but
he doesn't one lead that's pretty close
the mysterious buzzcut girl 11
disappeared last season after she killed
the demagogue
but where has she been she's been living
with chief hopper what but how did this
happen well after she killed the
demagogue and she was transported to the
upside down where she was stuck for all
of five minutes till she found a portal
to crawl out of she couldn't go back to
Mike's cuz the feds were there so she
lived in the woods for a while till she
found the Eggos that chief hopper had
been leaving for her and then he took
her to the cabin in the woods today is
Halloween and she wants to go
trick-or-treating but hoppers like no
you can't go out there coz the feds are
still looking for you our boys go in as
ghostbusters of course no one else wore
costumes today Dustin and Lucas talked
to Mad Max they lay on the charm and
invite her to come trick-or-treating
with them later now max has an older
brother Billy and he is about as sexy as
any guy from the 80s can possibly be
unfortunately he's got serious anger
issues almost runs the guys off the road
that night at a Halloween party he takes
over as coolest kid in school which of
course used to be Steve's title so they
have a feud which starts a little bit
homoerotic and then gets a very
homoerotic Nancy is feeling guilty about
barb so she drinks herself stupid and
then kind of breaks up with Steve ooh
Dustin found a strange thing in his
trash can it's this weird tadpole
creature he feeds it's um three
musketeers so he names a d'Artagnan or a
dart for sure it shows it off to the
guys but will remembers when he coughed
up a little demagogue and baby slug and
he's like oh that's definitely what that
is it is evolving super rapidly so Mike
goes to kill it but it escapes Dustin
finds dart before the other guys hides
him under the hat like nope didn't find
him nothing to see here
will isn't the upside down again and
this time when the shadow monster comes
he's like I'm not afraid you you're not
real shadow monsters like I'm very real
I'm gonna stick myself all up inside you
gross so will is seizuring out until the
shadow monster finishes with him it's
like what's the deal are you possessed
now he's like no I'm still in control
but I might be a little bit possessed
mom's like well you're real cold how
about a hot bath and Will's like no he
likes it cold oh definitely a little
possessed
well can't really explain what's
happening to him but he's a good artist
so they figure maybe he can draw
unfortunately it's all just
scribbles until joists realize is that
they kind of connect so they go lay them
all around the house and boom it looks
like the vines in the upside-down
hoppers like wait a minute vines
pumpkins have vines so he takes a big
hole and sure enough there's tunnels all
over Hawkins being turned into the
upside down Wells like hey Harper's in
trouble right here but like who knows
where that is just then Bob comes in to
hang and Joyce is like oh it's really
not a good time and he's a guy that's
too bad I was just gonna play some brain
teasers and puzzles and stuff and she's
like wait puzzles 10 you solved this
he's like huh have I been dating a crazy
person she's like no no this is just a
game we play you gotta find the X and
he's like well that's impossible there's
no frame of reference unless that shape
right there is lovers like wait a minute
these vines that go around the bodies of
water so I can tell exactly where we are
so they find Hopper's hole and manage to
save him the Hawkins lab guys come to
and burn the whole place but then that
sends will like into these crazy seizure
spasms well no later 11s looking through
files and finds her mom she hitchhikes
over there and proves to her aunt that
she is the real psychic child that's not
supposed to exist she meets her mom but
unfortunately as we remember from last
season she's not all there xi is trying
to psychically communicate with her mom
she gets the whole backstory of how when
she was born
dr. Brenner the old bad guy from the
Hawkins lab took her away and told
everyone it was a miscarriage so Ramon
went crazy busted him there to rescue
her but she got caught so dr. brenner
gave her the electroshock therapy booms
after brain and centering this loop of
the last day of her life that's what
she's mumbling this whole time meanwhile
after her drunken confession that she
doesn't love him Nancy and Steve are
broken up so she goes and hangs with
John she's like hey you know what we
should do justice for barb but of course
the feds are listening so they go pick
him up they talk to friendly doctor
who's like look I love justice for barb
as much as anyone but we've got this you
know portal to another dimension down
here we can't have this getting out
you understand I'm sure but Nancy had a
tape recorder she recorded the whole
thing whoa
Nancy and John didn't go to see the
investigator guy who's got all sorts of
crazy theories on Barb's disappearance
and she's like hey the truth is even
crazier so they tell him everything and
he's like wow I'm gonna need a drink for
this see your story is like this vodka
it's too strong
we need to water it down a little so
people can digest it they're gonna
expose Hawkins lab for running dangerous
experiments nothing will leave out the
alternate-dimension stuff be like a gas
leak killed barb that's fair so they're
all celebrating he's like how long you
two been dating in there like Oh Lots no
we're just friends and he's like yeah
right well if you're not sharing a
bedroom Jonathan you can sleep on the
pull-out couch and
and so they're gonna do that but they
both get up to sneak into each other's
rooms and these two get it on meanwhile
Steve goes to Nancy's house to apologize
even though he did nothing wrong
turns out Dustin is already there though
looking for Mike he's been taking care
of dart until he escaped and ate his
mom's cat yeah definitely a demagogue
and baby so he manages to lure him out
and trap him in the basement so he grabs
Steve and he's like forget the girl we
got to go kill us and Emma bargain
Dustin and Steve turned out to be the
best most hilarious duo in the show
Steve gives Dustin girl advice and the
secret of the super cool hair you got a
moose it when it's damp not wet damn now
where has Lucas been he's dealing with
Mad Max she's super pissed that she's in
the group but being excluded from all
the secret conversations so he brings
max up to speed on everything with the
demagogue and and the upside down she's
like that's crazy I don't believe you so
when he finally answers his walkie
Dustin is like hey come on we're
demagoguing hunting he grabs max he's
like I'll go prove it to you right now
anyway they're setting endemic organ
trap but turns out Steve is caught in a
trap there's more than one demo dog
that's right there Jurassic parking him
so he bashes ones and manages to run
away get back in the bus max gets to see
one up close and they're all gonna be
eaten but they all run off mysteriously
see back at the Hopkins lab they
realized the portal they thought they
had contained was not contained at all
it was going down into the ground and
that's how the tunnels all got made
they're like yeah we gotta burn
everything but nice doctors like hey it
might kill the kid will cuz he's got
some sort of connection to the vines
Mike's like hey if you've got a shadow
monster connection maybe you can use
that to tell us how to defeat him and
Will's like oh I can actually go to this
spot that's where the big mother brain
is so they send the troops down there
but there's nothing wills like I'm sorry
it's like wait a minute the shadow
monsters controlling him not the other
way around
he's led them into a trap that's where
all the demo dogs were going so they
come down there and kill them all and
now they're coming up into the lab now
let's be bad as a cliffhanger well we
spend an episode following 11:00 on her
adventure in her mother's memory she saw
another girl was with her and she uses
her psychic powers to track her to
Chicago she meets up with the gang of
80s Punk caricatures led by number 8 so
they decide this makes them sisters and
number eight shows that her powers
aren't physical she can do mental
illusions you know inside people's heads
she's like hey 11 how strong are your
powers can you move this train and she's
like no no I can't so she goes all Star
Wars Emperor and is like Jews y'all anga
and sure enough it works Elevens real
strong pulls the Train and she's
man I like the dark side so it explains
they've been tracking down anyone
involved at the Harkins lab experiments
and killing them in cold blood
Elevens like I don't know about killing
people but then she sees they're
tracking the guy that elect her brain
her mom and she's like yeah let's kill
this guy
so they give her a sweet dark side
makeover and she's like bitchin and now
that she's in a gang they robbed
convenience stores and she can have as
many Eggos as she wants so they track
the guy down it's like time to die boom
throws him against the wall he's like
wait please don't kill me I'll give up
dr. Brenner it's like Papa no I saw him
get even by the demagogue and he's like
no he faked his death he's alive I'll
tell you where and she's like I don't
believe you forced choke an emperor it's
still channeling Palpatine she's all
like do it but 11 chooses the light side
and lets him go later she psychically
checks on her friends and sees all the
trouble they're in Elevens like hey
thanks for the makeover but I got to go
back to my hearkens friends so she busts
out of there leaving her sister to a
cycle of hatred and revenge now back at
the lab demagogues attacking it's like
they can't get through that glass uh
yeah they probably can we'll still
spying for the shadow monster so they
tranquilizer him and try to get out of
there but things have gone to hell real
fast
two main characters hide in the security
room but the power goes out and they
need it on to open the doors
unfortunately it's the 80s so no one
knows how to use computers except for
big nerd Bob so he goes down there
Jurassic Park style flips the power back
on and opens the doors using his super
computer skills that no one else could
have figured out so they're gonna escape
nice doctor says he'll stay behind and
guide them using the security cameras
the gang makes it out but Bob's coming
from the other direction and he gets
blocked by a demo dog so he goes hides
in the closet and it's all fine until he
comes out and the broom falls hits the
ground fly you fool so he runs out of
there and makes it to the lobby stops
for a romantic gaze with Joyce just long
enough for a demagogue to tackle him nah
the rest of the pack shows up so there's
no saving him and Bob dies poor Bob so
the whole gangs together at Will's house
they go to the Dungeons & Dragons manual
for answers
find the mind flayer which like the
shadow monster controls the minds of its
minions they figure the mind flayer is
possessing all the demigods so if they
kill it they'll all die too
unfortunately just then the phone rings
and it's got a distinctive ringtone so
it will realizes he's at his house so
that means the demon dogs are coming the
game gears up with their weapon of
choice some look more effective than
others but when the demo dog busts in
it's already dead
what who's coming in it's 11 new
darkside outfit looking [ __ ] in she and
Mike are reunited he's like hey I like
you with hair and she meets Mad Max the
newest member of the group
she's like ho you stay away from my man
so they fill her in on the situation
she's like hey you know I think I have
the power I can close the gate but they
realize a problem if they close the
portal what we'll still possessed he'll
probably die to his moans like oh hell
nah it's time for an exorcism so they're
bringing will up to the cabin my player
likes it cold let's turn up the heat
boom blast him with everything and the
exorcism works the shaft monster comes
flying out of his mouth and dissipates
into the night air they leave babysitter
Steve home with the kids while Hopper
and Eleven go to close the portal but
there's still an army of demo dogs in
the way so mike has a plan to reenact
the end of Lord of the Rings they're
gonna cause a distraction to draw out
saurons forces give safe passage for
Frodo and Sam maybe Center Steve's like
hey no I was charged to keep you guys
safe we're not going off on any suicide
mission but just then Max's brother
Billy shows up when his parents got home
they're like where's your sister he's
like huh I don't know I was having a
cigarette bicep sesh his dad roughs him
up cuz he's a huge dick too and it's
like yo you're gonna find your sister so
he starts at Mike's house where he meets
mrs. wheeler and has a hilariously
sexually charged conversation but that
leads him to Will's house where he
confronts Steve and it's also
sexually-charged Steve's like dude just
just stop it's weird they have a little
fight but Billy's just better than Steve
and everything so he kicks his butt but
max sees the tranquilizer they were
using for will and she stabs her brother
knocks him out she's like hey you're
gonna be nice to me from now on or I'm
gonna nail bat your dick she takes her
brother's car and earns her nickname of
Mad Max they brought in unconscious
Steve with them so when he comes to he's
like alright fine
suicide mission let's do it so when
Hopper and 11 are blocked by the demo
dogs Steve throws the lighter boom fire
lights it all up and the demo dogs all
bail to go chase after them
the boys running for their lives but
their path is blocked by a single
demagogue wait a minute that's dart
Dustin gives him with three musketeers
and he lets them pass aw it's so cute
but the rest of the pack shows up gonna
eat them except they run right by they
ignore me because 11 has made it to the
portal turns out she can actually use
her psychic powers to close it so all
the demo dogs come to stop or hop for us
to shoot him off as she's going then the
mind flayer himself shows up he's
reaching out to her but she can stop him
- boom both hands floating in the air
bahah closes the
as predicted all the demo dogs died and
the day is saved
Hawkins lab is shut down because of the
expose this guy wrote finally hashtag
justice for barb then it's time for the
middle school dance
Dustin embraces the way of the hair
Steve has coached him on how to be a
lady killer unfortunately Steve is super
sad because he and Nancy are over she is
still with Jonathan things are great
there and cool Dustin busts in ready to
ask Mad Max to dance but she picked
Lukas she likes him and they're kind of
a thing now okay Dustin's like hey no
biggie I'm gonna go ask the hottest girl
in school even will found some girl to
dance with so that just leaves a mic sad
and alone that's why you don't do
long-distance relationships but who
should show up except 11 whoa the nice
doctor survived it all and was like hey
we're not gonna chase 11 anymore here's
a actual birth certificate she can have
a normal life what a good guy so she and
Mike get to dance they share their
awkward middle school dance first kiss
and the world is a beautiful place
except of course in the upside down
where the mind flare is plotting revenge
and that's how stranger things season
two comes to an end
[Music]